                              LICENSE AGREEMENT
                  on the use of CS-Cart Shopping Cart Software


       This license agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement")
constitutes a contract between Simbirsk Technologies Ltd., Ulyanovsk, Russian
Federation, which  is the owner of exclusive rights  to the CS-Cart Shopping
Cart Software (hereinafter referred to as the "Copyright Owner"), and you
(hereinafter referred to as the "User").

       This Agreement contains definitions and conditions under which the User
can use CS-Cart Shopping Cart Software.



TERMS AND DEFINITIONS

All terms given in this section of the Agreement shall have the following
meaning for this Agreement only, and shall not be construed to suggest otherwise
when used in respect of the conditions set forth in this Agreement.


CS-CART SHOPPING CART SOFTWARE  means the software registered at the Federal
Service for Intellectual Property, Patents and Trademarks Regulations of the
Russian Federation (certificate of official registration of a computer program
#2007610394) and at the U.S. Copyright Office of the Library of Congress
(certificate #TX 6-852-685).

PROGRAM means the CS-Cart Shopping Cart Software and all related printed
materials, help and online documentation as well as all copies and all
derivative works related to this software, including but not limited to, all
updates and modifications created by the Copyright Owner.

PROGRAM-BASED DERIVATIVE means any program, work or information created by the
User or a third party using the Program or any of its parts.

DOMAIN NAME means a unique alphanumeric name intended to identify a resource on
the Internet.

WEBSITE means a collection of related web pages or other digital assets
available on the Internet through a common Domain Name.

LICENSE means the right provided by the Copyright Owner allowing the User to use
one copy of the Program.

LICENSE DOMAIN NAME means the Domain Name for which the User obtains the License
to use the Program.

Official Website of the Copyright Owner means the website of the Copyright Owner
available on the Internet at http://www.cs-cart.com.

Confidential Information means the contents of the Program (source code) as well
as other information about the Program that the Copyright Owner may deem
confidential.



1. GENERAL PROVISIONS

The User shall use the Program within the bounds of this Agreement only. By
using the Program, the User thus consents to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement. If the User does not wish to be bound by this Agreement, he shall not
install and use the Program.

In order to conclude the Agreement, the User provides truthful, accurate and
complete personal information according to the form available at the Official
Website of the Copyright Owner at
http://helpdesk.cs-cart.com/index.php?target=checkout&mode=products. The User
guarantees that the information submitted through the form is trustworthy.

The Copyright Owner notifies the User that the Program is not sold to the User,
but, in accordance with this Agreement, the User gains the right to use the
Program under a simple non-exclusive license for a compensation. The amount of
the compensation to the Copyright Owner and the order of payment are defined on
the Official Website of the Copyright Owner at
http://www.cs-cart.com/order_now.html.

The Copyright Owner may delegate the right to receive the compensation to its
authorized reseller. In this case, the User pledges to pay the compensation to
the authorized reseller. The list of authorized resellers is provided on the
Official Website of the Copyright Owner at
http://www.cs-cart.com/resellers.html.

Every use of the Program is subject to this Agreement. Any use of the Program or
any of its parts, which contradicts the conditions of this Agreement, is
prohibited. If the law of the User's country makes a provision for a different
order of using similar products, the User may still use the Program only in the
way and within the bounds stipulated by this Agreement.



2. GRANT OF LICENSE

The Copyright Owner grants the User the right to use the Program under a simple
non-exclusive license, and the User pays a compensation to the Copyright Owner
in accordance with this Agreement.

The User has the right to use the Program on the territory determined in section
7 of this Agreement in the following manner:

- one-fold installation (writing to the computer memory) of a copy of the
Program  available through the Internet only via the License Domain Name. Before
buying a License, the User must tell the Copyright Owner the License Domain Name
of the Website on which the Program will be used.



3. EXCLUSIVE RIGHT AND LIMITATIONS

Exclusive right:

    The Program together with its modifications, updates and Program-based
Derivatives developed by the Copyright Owner, the User or a third party as well
as patents, trademarks and other intellectual property related to any part of
the Program, or to any modification, upgrade or Program-based Derivative are and
remain the exclusive property of the Copyright Owner. This Agreement constitutes
no contract on disposal of the exclusive right, and shall by no means limit the
rights of the Copyright Owner.
    Copyright Owner has the right to:

     - use the information received from the User to improve the Program, 
       including informing the User about the introduced improvements, updates;

     - notify the User that the copy of the Program is illegal and is used 
       without a License.


Limitations:

    The User has no right to:

     - make copies of the Program and let a third party copy the Program;

     - deploy additional copies of the Program on the Website which Domain Name 
       the License was obtained for;

     - install and use the Program on other Domain Names, if there were no 
       separate Licenses obtained for them;

     - extract, excerpt or use any part of the Program to create any Program-
       based Derivatives as well as provide such possibility to a third party.

     - sell, transfer, obligate, license, sublicense, rent, lease, give for 
       temporary use, yield or convey (by selling, exchanging, giving as a gift,
       by law, or in any other way) the Program, any of its copies (or any of 
       its parts), Licenses and other rights to them, partially or in full, to a
       third party without a prior written consent of the Copyright Owner.

     - remove, hide, modify or make barely visible any copyright, trademark or 
       other proprietary notices contained within any part of the Program 
       without a prior written consent of the Copyright Owner;

     - prevent the Copyright Owner from obtaining information about the usage of
       the Program.

4.CONFIDENTIALITY

    The Program contains valuable trade secrets and proprietary information
belonging to the Copyright Owner. The User pledges not to disclose Confidential
Information, protect from and prevent unauthorized disclosure of the
Confidential Information, and take appropriate measures to protect Confidential
Information. If the information, which is confidential according to this
Agreement, becomes available to a third party without a consent of the Copyright
Owner, the User agrees to indemnify the Copyright Owner for all suffered
damages.



5.WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS

    The Program is provided "AS IS" with all possible malfunction and in the
state that is actual by the time the User pays the compensation to the Copyright
Owner.

    Under no circumstances the Copyright Owner guarantees error-free and
uninterrupted performance of the Program and that the Program will meet the
requirements of the User as well as the Copyright Owner disclaims any other
warranties to the extent to which it is permitted by the effective law.



6.LIABILITY

    The User assumes all the risks related to the performance and the usage of 
the Program, including the risk of not getting the expected profit, the risk 
of a software failure after the Program is installed, etc.

    Under no circumstances the Copyright Owner is liable to the User for any 
damages (including, but not limited to, any loss of profits and confidential or 
other information, the damages caused by an interruption of the business, loss 
of revenue, turnover, business reputation or data, neglected business
opportunities, any indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential
damages) related to the usage of or impossibility to use the Program.

    In the event that the law of the User's country concedes no limitation of
liability, or the liability of the Copyright Owner is recognized by the
competent court, the Copyright Owner will be liable only for actual damage
incurred from using this Program if the damage is caused by a tort of the
Copyright Owner, or if the damage is caused by the reasons that the Copyright
Owner knew or should have known. The maximum amount of liability of the
Copyright Owner is limited to the amount of the compensation that the User paid
for the License.

    The limitations of liability of the Copyright Owner that are specified in 
this section of the Agreement apply to the Program and all associated objects.



7.TERMINATION OF LICENSE AND AGREEMENT

    The Agreement is effective until terminated. The Agreement and the License
are terminated immediately after the User violates any part of this Agreement
without any additional notice from the Copyright Owner. And the User consents to
immediately remove the Program together with all copies, modifications and
upgrades, or any Program-based Derivatives.

    The territory for this Agreement shall be the entire world. The User has
the right to terminate the License at any time by discontinuing the Agreement
and removing the Program together with all copies, modifications and upgrades,
or Program-based Derivatives, along with sending an appropriate notification to
the Copyright Owner not less than 3 (three) business days before the termination
date. The Agreement will be deemed terminated from the date the Copyright Owner
receives the notification from the User.

    In all cases, termination of the License and the Agreement deprives the
User of the right to claim the return of the compensation paid to the Copyright
Owner as well as any other indemnification, except for the case provided by the
Copyright Owner’s policy on refunding the compensation paid by the User for
the License. The contents and the conditions of the compensation refund policy
are available on the Official Website of the Copyright Owner at
http://www.cs-cart.com/money-back.html.



8.FINAL PROVISIONS

    This Agreement complies with the effective law of the Russian Federation
and international agreements on copyright and intellectual property. The
appropriate law to interpret this Agreement and all relationships coming from
the scope of the Agreement is the substantive and the adjective law of the
Russian Federation.

    If any condition of this Agreement for any reason becomes unenforceable,
or is voided or declared invalid by the competent court, then it is regarded as
an omission from the text of this Agreement, which, however, shall by no means
affect the legitimacy and validity of the other conditions.

    The section headings in the text of the Agreement are for convenience
only and have no independent legal force, and shall not be interpreted in
relation to the conditions of the Agreement.

The User acknowledges that he has read this Agreement carefully and understood
it completely, and agrees to accept its terms and conditions.

    The Copyright Owner may unilaterally change this Agreement. The changes
in the conditions of the Agreement shall come into force on the date of
publishing on the Official website of the Copyright Owner, unless otherwise is
specified in the publication, and become mandatory for acceptance and
satisfaction by the User for further usage of the Program. The User is notified
of the changes through a notice on the Official website of the Copyright Owner
where the text of the changes is published as well as a respective notification
is sent to the User’s email address.

    The User acknowledges that the Copyright Owner may suffer damage if the
conditions of this Agreement are not respected, and therefore the User agrees
that the Copyright Owner has the right to use any form of protecting the
violated rights and legitimate interests, including the direct appeal to the
appropriate court without a necessity to comply with the claim settlement
procedure.

    Any dispute arising out or in connection with this agreement, including
any question regarding its interpretation, validity or termination, shall be
referred to and finally resolved by the Ulyanovsk Regional Court of Arbitration
(Ulyanovsk, Russian Federation), or the appropriate court of common law on the
territory of the Russian Federation (the competent court).

    The Program is protected by the law of the Russian Federation and
international legislation on copyright and intellectual property.



© 2004-2010 Simbirsk Technologies Ltd.